feat(changelog): mongodb-added-multi-user-management 2025-07-11 (#5263)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/july2025/2025-07-11-mongodb-added-multi-user-management.mdx

---

> title: Multi-user management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Multi-user management on Managed MongoDB
```

status: added
date: 2025-07-11
category: databases
product: mongodb
---

> You can now add multiple users to your Database instance and update their roles via API. Follow [this documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/managed-mongodb-databases/how-to/manage-users/) for more information.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now add multiple users to your Database Instances and update their roles via the API. Follow [this documentation](/managed-mongodb-databases/how-to/manage-users/) to learn more about multi-user management.
```
